---
title: '01: Export top‑activity SharePoint sites'
layout: default
nav_order: 1
parent: 'Exercise 02: Enable Controlled Access for Copilot sites'
---

## Task 01: Export top‑activity SharePoint sites

### Description
Export the most active sites to focus risk assessment where it matters.

### Key steps

1. [] Navigate to the **SharePoint Admin Center**.

    {: .important }
    > This section highlights the process of quickly unblocking a Copilot pilot with a limited number of users. Use this process only for small pilots where the customer does not want to proceed due to data oversharing and sensitive data leak concerns. This process will disable regular SharePoint search for most sites for all users. Have a defined plan for when the pilot will end and search will be re-enabled.

    {: .note }
    > In a real environment, you'd use the top 100 sites.

1. [] Select **Admin centers**, then **SharePoint**.

    {: .note }
    > You might need to select **Show all** to find the SharePoint option.

1. [] In the left navigation menu, under **Sites**, select **Active sites**.

1. [] Sort **Files viewed or edited** (larger to smaller). You'll need to select the column header for **Files viewed or edited**.

    {: .note }
    > You’ll need to scroll horizontally all the way to the right to find the header.

1. [] At the top of the list, select **Export**, then **open the file**.

1. [] Select the **Delete** button in the ribbon menu.

    {: .note }
    > You are trimming the CSV list to the **top 10** sites for this pilot (you would do this for the top 100 sites in production).