---
title: '02: Triage an alert and create a case'
layout: default
nav_order: 2
parent: 'Exercise 06: Enable dynamic protections'
---

## Task 02: Triage an alert and create a case

1. [] In the left menu, go to **Solutions**, then select **Insider Risk Management**, then **Alerts**. 

1. [] Select the alert where the policy is **DSPM for AI – Detect risky AI usage**. 

    {: .note }
    > Here you can find information about the alert that will help you decide if it needs further investigation: 
    > 
    > |     |     |
    > |:----|:----|
    > | Severity | **high** |
    > | Risk score | **75/100** |
    > | The triggering event |  |
    > | User history across all policies |   |
    > | Any risk factors |  |
   
1. [] Select the **Activity explorer** tab. 

1. [] Select the first activity to view the details. 

    {: .note }
    > Because the files have sensitivity labels applied, you can be assured that file access policies are enforced even if the files are downloaded. But this pattern of behaviour could still be concerning and warrant additional investigation. 
   
1. [] Select **User activity**. 

    {: .note }
    > Here you can visualize the same activity in a timeline scatter plot, to visualize the activity. When the review is complete, you’ve determined that you should investigate further. 
   
1. [] Select **Confirm all alerts** and create a case. Give it a name: 

    ```
    Risky AI usage - 374928
    ```

1. [] Select **Create case**, then **Done**.  

1. [] In the left navigation menu, select **Cases**. 

1. [] Select the case called **Risky AI usage - 374928**. 

    {: .note }
    > One of the benefits of a case is that it allows for collaboration to investigate and resolve the potential violation. 
   
1. [] Select **Case actions**. 

1. [] You don't need to select any action right now. Select the **Case notes** tab. 

1. [] Select the **Contributors** tab. 

    {: .note }
    > You can manage temporary access to the case by adding contributors. When added as a contributor, the user will have the following restrictions: 
    > - Analysts and investigators can add contributors. 
    > - Analysts cannot be added as contributors.
    > 
    > Contributors cannot add contributors. Contributors have all case management control on the specific case except: 
    > - Permission to confirm or dismiss alerts. 
    > - Permission to edit the contributors for cases.