---
title: '01: Create a DLM retention policy to delete Copilot and agent interactions'
layout: default
nav_order: 1
parent: 'Exercise 07: Govern AI use and lifecycle'
---

## Task 01: Create a DLM retention policy to delete Copilot and agent interactions


1. [] On the left navigation menu, select **Solutions**, then **Data Lifecycle Management**, and then **Policies**.

1. [] Select **Retention Policies**.
   
    {: .note }
    > In this example, you’ll create a policy that keeps interactions for 90 days, even if the user deletes them, so they're available for investigations. After 90 days, it will force the deletion of the interactions due to a requirement from the legal department to reduce risk.

1. [] Select **+ New retention policy**.

1. [] Set the name: 

    ```
    Copilot interactions 90 days
    ```

1. [] Select **Next**.

1. [] Skip admin units and select **Next**.

1. [] Select **Static** and then select **Next**.

1. [] Scroll down to the **Microsoft Copilot experiences**, switch to turn it **On**, and verify the other switches are **Off**.

    {: .note }
    > This location will manage interactions for Microsoft 365 Copilot, Security Copilot, Copilot in Fabric, Copilot Studio. Security Copilot and Copilot in Fabric interactions will not be managed unless the admin sets up Purview PAYG.

1. [] Select **Next**.

1. [] Under **Retention settings**, select the **Retain items for a specific period** dropdown.

1. [] Select **Custom** then select **3months** (set **0** for years and **3** for months).

1. [] Leave the **Start the retention period based on** as **When items are created**. Ensure **Delete items automatically** is selected.

1. [] Select **Next**.

1. [] Review the policy and then select **Submit** and **Done** twice.