---
title: '04: View risk insights'
layout: default
nav_order: 4
parent: 'Exercise 03: Turn on Proactive Audit and Protection'
---

## Task 04: View risk insights

1. [] In the left navigation menu, select **Solutions**, then **DSPM for AI** and then **Reports**.

1. [] Review the **Total interactions over time (Microsoft Copilot and agents)** chart.
   
    {: .note }
    > This chart shows how often Microsoft Copilot and AI agents have been used in the tenant over the past **30 days**. It helps you to observe if there are any unexpected trends and spikes.

1. [] Select **View details**.
    
    {: .note }
    > The detailed view gives you **Activity explorer** filtered by:  
    >- **Timestamp**: the past 30 days
    >- **Activity type**: AI Interaction  
    >- **AI app category**: Copilot experiences and agents

1. [] Close the details pane by going back to **Reports** on the left menu.

1. [] Scroll down to find the **Sensitive interactions per AI app** report.
   
    {: .note }
    > This report shows how many interactions with **Copilot**, **agents**, or other AI apps involve **sensitive data**. This gives you a chance to review whether the trends are expected or not.

1. [] Select **View details**.

    {: .note }
    > The detailed view gives you **Activity explorer** filtered by:  
    >- **Timestamp**: the past 30 days
    >- **Sensitive info type**: All available SITs are selected

1. [] Close the details pane by going back to **Reports** on the left menu.

1. [] Scroll down to the **Top sensitivity labels referenced in Microsoft 365 Copilots and agents** section.
   
    {: .note }
    > With this information, you can confirm which **sensitivity labels** are most often either included in a prompt or referenced by a response. It lets you check if they align with expectations.

1. [] Select **View details**.
   
    {: .note }
    > The detailed view takes you to an **Activity explorer** list filtered by **Timestamp: the past 30 days**.

1. [] Close the details pane by going back to **Reports** on the left menu.

1. [] Scroll down to examine the **Insider risk severity per AI app** report and then Select *View details**.

    {: .note }
    > The detailed view takes you to an **Activity explorer** list filtered by Timestamp: the past 30 days.

1. [] In the left navigation menu, select **Apps and agents**.
   
    {: .note }
    > This section provides an overview of any **AI apps** used in your organization.

1. [] Select the **Agents** tab.
   
    {: .note }
    > - **Protection status**: shows as **Unprotected** if additional setup is needed.  
    > - **User trend, Prompt trend, Response trend**: usage patterns over the past **30 days**.  
    > - **Data protection, Data compliance**: how many Purview policies are managing the agent’s interactions.  
    > - **Agents ID**: unique identifier.

1. [] Select the **Sustainable Insights** agent to view details.

1. [] Scroll to the **User risk and activity** section.
   
    {: .note }
    > The User risk and activity section uses Adaptive Protection in Insider Risk Management to show information about users have interacted with the agent.  
    > - Insider Risk Management correlates various signals to identify potential malicious or inadvertent insider risks, such as IP theft, data leakage, and security violations. Insider risk management enables customers to create policies to manage security and compliance. Built with privacy by design, users are pseudonymized by default, and role-based access controls and audit logs are in place to help ensure user-level privacy. Learn more: [Insider Risk (risky AI usage)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/purview/insider-risk-management-policy-templates#risky-ai-usage-preview).
    > - Adaptive protection in Microsoft Purview uses machine learning to identify the most critical risks and proactively and dynamically apply protection controls from: 
    >    - Microsoft Purview Data Loss Prevention (DLP) 
    >    - Microsoft Purview Data Lifecycle Management (preview) 
    >    - Microsoft Entra Conditional Access (preview)
    >    - Learn more: [Insider risk management - Adaptive Protection](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/purview/insider-risk-management-adaptive-protection)  
    > - The Referenced content for grounding and retrieval augmented generation section provides information about content that the Aagent has used to generate responses. 
    >     - Top references sensitivity labels: shows the distribution of sensitivity labels applied to content referenced in responses from the agent over the past 30 days. 
    >     - Learn more: [Sensitivity labels](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/purview/sensitivity-labels )


1. [] Scroll to the **Activity overview** section.
   
    {: .note }
    > This section helps you understand the volume of users, prompts, and responses from agent interactions.

1. [] Scroll to the **Activity over time** section.
   
    {: .note }
    > This secton helps you identify trends in users and interactions by displaying data for the past 30 days. This graph can also help identify seasonality of agents, such as agents used as a part of a weekly or monthly process.

1. [] Scroll to **Engagement insights** section.
   
    {: .note }
    > Shows trends in users and interactions for the past **30 days** and helps spot seasonality.
    
1. [] Close this window.

1. [] In the left navigation menu, select **Activity explorer**.
   
    {: .note }
    > Here you can see all interaction activity for AI apps connected to **DSPM for AI**.

1. [] Select the **AI app category: Any** in the filter bar and choose **Copilot experiences & agents**, then select **Apply**.

1. [] Select the **Web searched: Any** filter and choose **Yes**, then **Apply**.
   
    {: .note }
    > This filter shows interactions for the Microsoft-created Copilot and the Copilot Studio agents that used **Bing web search** as a data source.

1. [] Select the **Activity type:Any** filter and select the **Sensitive info types** checkbox, then select **Apply**.

   
    {: .note }
    > You can view more details about **sensitive information** in the text of an interaction or referenced as a source. Under **Interaction details**, view the specific **sensitive info types** detected.

   
    {: .note }
    > In **Interaction details** you can find the exact **prompt** and **response** text.  
    > Under **Web references AI app used**, you can find the exact **search terms** used by Bing.  
    > Under **Resources AI app accessed**, you can find **URLs and files** referenced, as well as any **sensitivity labels** on the files.