---
title: '02: Auto‑apply labels to content via SITs and default library labels'
layout: default
nav_order: 2
parent: 'Exercise 05: Protect sensitive content'
---

## Task 02: Auto‑apply labels to content via SITs and default library labels

1. [] From the left side menu, select **Solutions**, then **Information Protection**, and then **Policies**.

1. [] Select **Auto‑labeling policies**.

1. [] Select **Create auto-labeling policy**.

1. [] From **Categories**, select **Custom**.

1. [] Select **Custom policy**, then select **Next**.

1. [] Type a name in the **Name** field: 

    ```
    Auto‑label SWIFT codes and IBAN numbers
    ```
   
    {: .note }
    > You can select the copy icon and paste it into the **Name** field.

1. [] Select **Next**.


1. [] Choose a label: **Confidential/All Employees**, then select **Add** and **Next**.

1. [] For locations, select **SharePoint sites**.

    {: .note }
    > In a real customer situation, you'd encourage them to scope this auto-label policy to as many locations as possible. In a demo environment, you want the auto-labeling to function predictably, so you'll scope the policy to the one SharePoint site where the Power Automate flow is generating this content.

1. [] Under **Actions**, next to SharePoint sites, select **Edit**.

1. [] Select **Specific sites**, then ** include sites**.

1. [] Select **Sales and Marketing**.

1. [] Select **Done** and then **Next**.

1. [] Keep the common rules unchanged and select **Next**.

1. [] Select **New rule**.

1. [] Type a name for the rule:

    ```
    SITs
    ```

1. [] Select **Add condition**, then **Content contains**.

1. [] Select **Add** and then select **Sensitive info types**.

1. [] Select **International Banking Account Number**. It’s easier if you type in the search `international`.

1. [] Select **SWIFT code**. Type in the search bar `SWIFT`.

1. [] Select **Add**, then **Save** and **Next**.

    {: .note }
    > You’ll keep the default selection of **Run policy in simulation mode**.

1. [] Select **Next**, then **Create policy** and **Done**.

    {: .note }
    > In a real environment, you would need to wait and come back after a few hours.

1. [] Select the **Auto-label SWIFT codes and IBAN numbers** policy to show the simulation mode overview page.

1. [] Select the **Items to review** tab and then, select the first item from the list.

    {: .note }
    > This is where the customer can find the items that would be labelled if we turn the policy on.
    > If needed, the customer can edit the policy as well.

1. [] Navigate to the **Digital Initiative Public Relations** SharePoint page on the other browser tab.

    {: .note }
    > Now you’re going to look at another way to auto-label files - setting a default sensitivity label on this SharePoint document library. New or updated files will pick up this label by default, even when no sensitive info type (SIT) is detected. Think of it as a safety net for libraries where most files should have the same classification. It doesn’t relabel existing files, and users or policies can still change the label if needed.

1. [] In the left navigation menu, select **Documents**.

1. [] In the upper right corner, select the **Settings** cog wheel and then **Library settings**.

1. [] Under Default sensitivity labels **(None)**, select the dropdown menu arrow, and there select **Highly Confidential \ All Employees**.

    {: .warning}
    > When you set a default sensitivity label on a library, going forward all Office files that are created or modified will receive the sensitivity label.

1. [] Select **Save**.